*sigh*
*knocking at the door*
Happy 3 million subscribers!
Hey Chris, thanks.
Congratulations! 3 million- 3- Hey!
I meant to buy more, but... I'm poor.
Hey, where is everyone?
How come you're not celebrating?
Nothing to celebrate.
Dude, it's a huge milestone.
Chris, we've been doing this for fifteen years.
And we just hit three million.
I know! That's so many!
There's other channels that are at thirty million
and they got there in a fraction of the time.
Phil, you shouldn't compare yourself to other people.
It doesn't change the truth.
We're old on YouTube, Chris.
People that started watching us in high school are having children now.
It's time we just accepted the inevitable.
Wait, uh, hold on. What are you saying?
This contract terminates our lease on this office...
What?!
...and I just signed it right before you got here.
Why?
When we hit 3 million today
It was like a wake-up call.
I realized Wong Fu has actually been holding all of us back.
So I'm going to let everyone go and
shutting it down.
Wait. Hold on. Are you- are you crazy?
No, I have been crazy for
trying to make it work for this long on the wrong path.
The world obviously wants to watch other channels now, okay?
Not- No, not me! I don't.
Okay is there any way I can change your mind?
Not unless you can go back in time
and convince me to do things a different way.
So you're saying that if you were bigger Youtubers
you would not shut down Wong Fu?
It doesn't matter now, we'll never know.
Um
I, uh uh, have to go.
I'll see you later!
I have to save Wong Fu.
*zapping*
Wes: I have some ideas too actually
Phil: Really?
So what do you say guys? Should we give this a try?
Nahhh! *chuckling*
*Lightning crackling*
Where are they?
Hey, hey guys um
Have you heard of Wong Fu Productions?
No, what's that?
Oh no. I'm too late.
So Wes, Ted, and Phil were joyous again
Thankful for their videos, their fans, and their friends,
the holidays had taught the trio
to see, that being together made them the best they could-
Past Chris: Who are you?
Future Chris: I'm Chris.
Past Chris: No, no, I'm Chris.
Future Chris: No, no, don't panic.
I'm you but from the future.
Past Chris: Are you the ghost of Christmas future?
Future Chris: No. I'm Chris from the future
Past Chris: That doesn't make any sense.
I just came back from the future.
Future Chris: Look something terrible has happened.
Okay, you have to come with me.
The future of Wong Fu depends on it.
Okay.
Ted: Dang Phil that's messed up.
I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything!
I locked myself in my room for three months
to deal with the pain and the grief.
I'm really sorry Billy
-I hate you! -No I'm sorr-
Phil: Oh my god!
Phil: Are you crazy?
That was uncalled for.
*slaps* Billy: AHH!
Let's get outta here! Geez!
Go go go!
Wong Fu for life.
Wong Fu for life!
One million subscribers!
I think we lost them, Wes.
Wes?
*grunting*
That was so crazy.
Phil?
Phil where'd you go?
*struggling*
Chris: *whispering* stop, stop
Ted we're over here
I'm here to help
Wes: Where'd Phil go?
Ted: I don't know. Let's go.
Get off me!
Hold on, hold on, wait wait.
Dude Chris. What are you doing?
Thank God I finally found you.
What are you talking about?
And why'd you cut your hair?
Look, it's a long story. I can't explain
I just need you to shut up and listen
because the future of Wong Fu depends on it.
what do you mean?
Phil, I am from the future
It's really a bad joke, man.
No, I am. I can prove it.
Ask me anything.
Okay, fine. Uh...who's president?
Uh...Ugh.
Just ask me anything else.
You're wasting my time.
No, hold on, wait. Listen.
Phil, how many girls did you love before me?
*suspenseful music*
What did you say?
How many girls did you love before me?
That's a line from a short
that you have not made yet.
I haven't told anyone about that.
Well, you make it next year, and it's called
(simultaneously) The Last!
*gasp*
So, it's true. You are from the future.
How?
Why?
Look Phil, I've been jumping through dimensions in time
to come back here
and help you change the course of Wong Fu.
Why would I want to do that?
Well, the day I left, you hit three million subs.
That's great! We just hit 1 million.
How many till three?
Like two years? One year?
Seven.
Oh my god.
Yeah the crazy thing is, three million
Isn't even that much in 2018.
You have channels that have ten, thirty, fifty million subs
and they do it all in a year.
What? How?
I mean, the number one guy?
He plays video games.
People watch other people play video games
on YouTube?
A lot of them were already famous on Vine.
What's Vine?
Uh, Ryan's doing well.
He's at 20 million. He moved to Vegas.
KevJumba! He's back!
He was gone?
Yeah, I mean the Internet. YouTube.
It's nothing like it is here in 2011.
W-w-well, what about Wong Fu? How are we doing?
Well, uh, Ted is happily living in New York.
You guys end up hiring a lot of great friends,
make a ton of shorts, and... uh,
Single by 30!
I'm single at 30?
No no, that's a series that you make.
*sigh of relief*
And yes.
Dammit.
Oh, we make a movie.
That's not so bad.
And Cathy gets married.
NOOOOOOOO
No, Cathy married?
Chris I can't take any more of this.
What did you come here to tell me?
The day I left you shut down Wong Fu Productions.
What?
Even though you hit three million subs
you kept comparing yourself to other people,
and you questioned if you, Wes, and Ted
took Wong Fu in the right direction.
Ultimately, you felt like you did it all wrong.
Oh my god
I came back to give you a chance to change the future
You told me that if you had done things differently
and you had just focused
on being a big, popular YouTube channel,
you'd be happy and you wouldn't shut it down.
I think you wasted your time...
...travel.
Wait, what?
Big Youtuber? We never wanted that.
We didn't start Wong Fu to be 'famous and popular'
We did it because we loved making and telling stories
and if we're still going in this crazy time of 2018,
making videos, even a movie,
with the support of our fans still and we got to do it with
good people along the way.
I'm happy with that.
And I think Wes and Ted would be too
Yeah, you didn't say any of that.
Well, what about everything you said in 2018?
I'm wrong.
I must have forgotten what's really important,
and it's up to you
to remind me of everything we said here today.
How?
*pats shoulder*
You'll think of something.
No, seriously, how?
Hey, what else happens in the world in 2018?
I don't know, I mean Disney buys Star Wars.
They make three more movies.
LeBron goes back to Cleveland.
They win a championship.
Kanye marries Kim Kardashian and
Twitter has 280 characters.
*snorts*
280? You're a character.
Quit messing with me though.
Hey, good luck.
Thanks Chris.
Oh, uh. Before I go I need you to look over here.
What? *slaps* Oh
*through teeth* What the heck Chris?
Oh, sorry, wrong hand.
What?
*slaps again* *thunder crackles*
What the hell?
Phil where you been?
I was running and then I'm
here?  I don't really remember anything else.
We've been looking the whole neighborhood for you.
Sorry, what happened?
Well you okay?
I think so. What did we...what just happened?
Well, I slapped a guy.
You slapped a guy?!
Yeah 1 million subscribers. Feels pretty good.
I feel like I just got slapped.
*knocking at the door*
What the heck?
Chris voiceover: Hi Phil, it's Chris.
If I recall correctly, you're just about to sign a paper
to close down Wong Fu productions.
I wanted to tell you that I'm writing from the future
and it's imperative that you keep Wong Fu going.
I can't tell you why yet,
but when you get here, I'll explain everything.
See you at 4 million.
Oh, and if you don't believe any of this,
your show idea, "Yappie"  turns out really, really great.
*Star Wars ending credits song plays*
I love this movie.
We should make a short about time traveling.
Let's go Wes.
We got work to do.
Right now?
You wanna do it right now?
Ted in the background: Wong Fu for Life!
I think we lost them, Wes!
Wes?
*Chris tackles*
*grunting*
Wes?
*Chris tackles*
*Chris tackles* (x2)
Wes?
*Chris tackles*
I can prove it ask me. Ask me anything.
Okay fine. Uh, who's president?
Ask me something else.
You're wasting my time.
Fine who's president?
Ok fine, who's president?
Ah that's not gonna...
you're not gonna believe me. Ask anything else.